README.md, before:

# HTML / CSS Learning Project 
## Project Motivation
- I would love to create web apps.
- To become better with HTML/CSS by reproducing websites.
## Project Goals
- The first model is inspired from a eco-responsible clothes brand.
- The second model is inspired from a LLM webchat application. 
- The 3rd should be a good looking "form page" where a user can register or decide to login instead. 
## Project Requirements 
Functional requirements :
- Good looking.
- Would be good to understand the different ways of sending form data to a backend even if it is not implemented.

Technical requirements :
- Use grid and flexbox.
- Responsive Design.
- Using Git during the whole project, committing to a GitHub repository.

## Planning
Start of the projet : 11/04/2024
End : 20/04/2024
## Result
[Model 1](https://jibe7.github.io/HTML-CSS-Learning-Project/Model%201/)

[Model 2](https://jibe7.github.io/HTML-CSS-Learning-Project/Model%202/)

[Model 3](https://jibe7.github.io/HTML-CSS-Learning-Project/Original%20Form/)

[Bonus For Getting Data](https://jibe7.github.io/HTML-CSS-Learning-Project/Bonus/)

I think this project was a success: 
- I find it good looking enough
- I understood how we can send data with XMLHttpRequest or using fetch
- I used grid and flexbox
- Two of the models were responsive
- I used Git&Github during the whole project.

However I still have a lot to improve with my current HTML/CSS skill to make my pages look professionnal. 
I may need to learn more about design, colors, UI/UX, Figma to be able to be able to design myself good looking pages but I can already improve my HTML/CSS skills without that.
Further learning could also be to use libraries such as Bootstrap/Tailwind CSS and libraries & frameworks such as React, Vue, Angular but also staying Vanilla.

Commit message:

Update README.md technical test added

README.md, after:

# HTML / CSS Learning Project 
## Project Motivation
- I would love to create web apps.
- To become better with HTML/CSS by reproducing websites.
## Project Goals
- The first model is inspired from a eco-responsible clothes brand.
- The second model is inspired from a LLM webchat application. 
- The 3rd should be a good looking "form page" where a user can register or decide to login instead. 
## Project Requirements 
Functional requirements :
- Good looking.
- Would be good to understand the different ways of sending form data to a backend even if it is not implemented.

Technical requirements :
- Use grid and flexbox.
- Responsive Design.
- Using Git during the whole project, committing to a GitHub repository.

## Planning
Start of the projet : 11/04/2024
End : 20/04/2024
## Result
[Model 1](https://jibe7.github.io/HTML-CSS-Learning-Project/Model%201/)

[Model 2](https://jibe7.github.io/HTML-CSS-Learning-Project/Model%202/)

[Model 3](https://jibe7.github.io/HTML-CSS-Learning-Project/Original%20Form/)

[Bonus For Getting Data](https://jibe7.github.io/HTML-CSS-Learning-Project/Bonus/)

[A technical test I made using HTML/CSS/TS, this fit well in this HTML-CSS learning project](https://jibe7.github.io/2024-Test-Technique/)

I think this project was a success: 
- I find it good looking enough
- I understood how we can send data with XMLHttpRequest or using fetch
- I used grid and flexbox
- Two of the models were responsive
- I used Git&Github during the whole project.

However I still have a lot to improve with my current HTML/CSS skill to make my pages look professionnal. 
I may need to learn more about design, colors, UI/UX, Figma to be able to be able to design myself good looking pages but I can already improve my HTML/CSS skills without that.
Further learning could also be to use libraries such as Bootstrap/Tailwind CSS and libraries & frameworks such as React, Vue, Angular but also staying Vanilla.
